Community roles updates (#833)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/communities/community-view-shared-data.md

---
uid: community-view-shared-data
---

## View shared data

> After a stream is shared within a community, any [Community Member](xref:ccRoles#community-member-role-preview) can visualize it within a chart from the `Trend` page as if it were a data stream from their own tenant. For more information on how to visualize data from a community within a trending sessions, see <xref:GettingStartedWithTrendData>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a stream is shared within a community, any [Community Member](xref:ccRoles#community-member-role-preview) can visualize it within the `Trend` page as if it were a data stream from their own tenant. For more information on how to visualize data from a community within a trending session, see <xref:GettingStartedWithTrendData>.
```
